{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red10\green77\blue204;\red33\green91\blue198;
\red249\green249\blue249;\red27\green31\blue34;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red244\green246\blue249;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;\cssrgb\c16078\c44706\c81961;
\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c96471\c97255\c98039;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project for Johns Hopkins University Coursera : Getting and Cleaning Data in the Data Science specialization
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Project Purpose\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Demonstrate ability to collect and clean the data set.  The data comes from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone and can be download at :
\fs32 \
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip}}
\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf6 \cb1 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 For more information, you can go to : 
\fs32 \
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones}}\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Project Files\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 run_analysis.R
\fs21 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf2 To use the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/welcheb/GetData_Project/blob/master/run_analysis.R"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 run_analysis.R}}\'a0script you have to download the data from the first link. Then, you have to unzip the file in the directory you want. After that, you must put the run_analysis.R file on the same directory as the the repo \'abAssignment\'bb. Running the R file may take less than a minute. It will create a new txt file called tidy_data.txt on the same directory. 
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs21 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 tidy_data.txt
\fs21 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf2 This  tidy data set includes 180 rows and 68 columns. It aggregates the mean of each feature for each activity and each subject. I choose to exclude the variable containing the word frequency because it is calculated already from the mean. For more details, see\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/welcheb/GetData_Project/blob/master/CodeBook.md"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 CodeBook.md}}. Example R commands to load tidy_data.txt.
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cf7 \cb8  tidy_data = read.table(\'91tidy_data.txt\'92)\cf2 \cb9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs21 \cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 CodeBook.md
\fs21 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf10 \cb5 \strokec10 Describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work  performed to clean up the data.
\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs21 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}